Update pages in getting-started/ directory (#198)
SFML/SFML-Website: pages/tutorials/3.0/getting-started/macos.md

### Binaries: dylib vs framework

SFML is available in two formats on macOS.
You have the _dylib_ libraries on the one hand and the _framework_ bundles on the other.

- Dylib stands for dynamic library; this format is like _.so_ libraries on Linux.
You can find more details in [this document](https://developer.apple.com/library/mac/#documentation/DeveloperTools/Conceptual/DynamicLibraries/ "Go to Apple's documentation about dylib").
- Frameworks are fundamentally the same as dylibs, except that they can encapsulate external resources.
Here is [the in-depth documentation](https://developer.apple.com/library/mac/#documentation/MacOSX/Conceptual/BPFrameworks/Frameworks.html "Go to Apple's documentation about framework").

There is only one slight difference between these two kinds of libraries that you should be aware of while developing SFML applications: if you build SFML yourself, you can get dylib in both _release_ and _debug_ configurations.
However, frameworks are only available in the _release_ configuration.
In either case, it shouldn't be an issue since you should be using the _release_ version of SFML when you release your application anyway.

> That's why the OS X binaries on the [download page](https://www.sfml-dev.org/download.php "Go to the download page") are only available in the _release_ configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
That's why the macOS binaries on the [download page](https://www.sfml-dev.org/download.php "Go to the download page") are only available in the _release_ configuration.
```
